ManyDesigns Related Services Agreement
Version 1.4, XX YYY 2010


1. Definitions

"Licensed Software" means all the software items supplied in this package
including programs, data files, databases, documentation, notes, images, fixes,
updates and upgrades.

"Related Services" means all the services provided in relation to the Licensed
Software.

"ManyDesigns" means ManyDesigns srl (VAT number IT01565350996) of
Via G. D'Annunzio 2/51, 16121, Genoa, Italy.

"Customer" means the person or organization acquiring a license and is,
accordingly, the licensee in respect of it.


2. Grant of license

This agreement defines the Related Services provided by ManyDesigns to the Customer
in relation to the Licensed Software. These services are support, upgrades and
maintenance, as detailed in the following clauses.


3. Support

ManyDesigns will provide support to the Customer regarding any permitted use of 
the Licensed Software under its license terms.

Examples of usage of the Licensed Software include:
- installation and configuration
- application modeling
- security policy definition
- integration
- customization
- upgrade and migration.


4. Upgrades

ManyDesigns will develop and make available to the Customer upgrade releases
containing improvements and new features of the Licensed Software.

The planning and the content of the upgrade releases is entirely at ManyDesigns' discretion.


5. Maintenance

ManyDesigns will maintain the Licensed Software to correct errors that may arise 
during its use provided that:
- the Licenced Software is used under its license terms,
- the Licensed Software is used only on the supported environments listed in clause 7,
- the errors are not due to performance requirements not explicitly agreed
  between the parties.

The planning of the maintenance releases is entirely at ManyDesigns' discretion.
Upon Customer's request, ManyDesigns will provide an estimate of the release dates.


6. Costs

ManyDesigns will charge the Customer for services as follows:
- support will be charged on a time and materials basis,
- upgrades are included in this agreement's fees,
- maintenance is included in this agreement's fees.


7. Supported environments

List of supported operating systems:
- Microsoft Windows 2000
- Microsoft Windows XP
- Microsoft Windows 2003/2008 Server Editions
- Microsoft Windows Vista
- Microsoft Windows 7
- Ubuntu Linux 6.06 (Dapper Drake) or later
- Redhat Enterprise Linux
- Mac OS 10.4 or later

List of supported Java platforms:
- Sun/Oracle J2SE 5.0
- Sun/Oracle Java SE 6

List of supported application servers:
- Apache Tomcat 5.5 or 6.x
- JBoss Application Server 4.2.x
- Glassfish V2 or later

List of supported relational databases:
- Oracle 9 or later
- Microsoft SQL Server 2005
- IBM DB2 9
- PostgreSQL 8.1 or later
- MySQL 5.1

ManyDesigns will keep the list of supported environments updated and notify the
Customer in writing of any changes.


8. Support requests and response times

The Customer will initiate a support request by sending an email to the address 
support@manydesigns.com. The Customer may choose a level of priority for the
request among the following: low, medium and high. If not indicated, the request
will be considered as having low priority.

ManyDesigns will provide a first answer to the request according to the following
service levels:
- High priority requests: within 4 working hors
- Medium priority requests: within 8 working hours
- Low priority requests: within 16 working hours

Support hours are Monday to Friday, from 9:00 to 13:00 and from 14:00 to 18:00, 
Central European Time, excluding Italian official holidays.


9. Designated contact persons

The Customer may designate up to <<inserire numero>> contact persons within the
Customer's organization who will be allowed to use the support services.

The contact persons must not be end users of applications developed using the
Licensed Software.

The Customer shall communicate to ManyDesigns in writing the initial list of contact
persons and any subsequent change of the list.


10. Transfer

The rights and obligations arising from this agreement cannot be transfered to
any third party.


11. Entire agreement

This agreement represents the entire agreement between ManyDesigns and the
Customer and supersedes all previous agreements or representations whether
written or oral.

Any changes to this agreement must be approved in writing by both parties.


12. Term

The term of this agreement begins on the date ManyDesigns processes payment of
the license and Related Services fee and will continue in full force and effect
for one year or until terminated in accordance with clause 13.


13. Termination

This agreement may be terminated by either party if the other party commits a
material breach. Either party will have thirty (30) calendar days following
receipt of written notice to remedy any material breaches. Immediately upon
termination, any copies in possession, custody or control of the Customer must
be destroyed and written confirmation of such destruction provided to
ManyDesigns. Clauses 13, 14 and 15 shall survive any termination of this
agreement.


14. Intellectual property

The Customer acknowledges that the intellectual property to Licensed Software
and Related Services are the property of ManyDesigns.

ManyDesigns and the Customer agree to maintain each other's confidential
information in strict confidence.

The Customer grants ManyDesigns the right to use any information provided by the
Customer to ManyDesigns in relation to the use of the Licensed Software for the
purpose of developing and improving Licensed Software and Related Services.


15. Applicable law

This agreement is subject to the laws of Italy and the parties irrevocably and
unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Genoa,
Italy.

